Hey, good morning, family! I'm excited to be with you all today. I brought my best friend, Diana, on here—my wife.
She's the behind-the-scenes person; she's been there answering the emails.
I brought her on before in a past video but never really let her talk a lot about our life and how we make things work.
We get a lot of emails from people saying, 'My marriage is falling apart,''I'm in shambles here,'or 'My kids are backsliding or going to hell.'Email after email, and I feel in my heart it's time to talk about how to put God first place in your home.
I can honestly tell you all, if you are not putting God first place in your house, you're not going to make it.
There are nights you don't want to pray and you're just ready to go to bed, but you say, 'Hold on, this is priority.'I don't care how tired we are, we're going to pray and go before the Father for our children and seek Him.
Even when we're dead tired, where you feel like you've worked all day and don't feel like doing this, how bad is your 'want-to'?
Do you want your children to know how to live by faith whenever they get older? Do you want your marriage to be strong?
Putting God first, taking communion daily—we take communion daily and pray together every day.
We read our Bible and listen to the Word all the time. It's so much so that I don't even realize I do it.
Even as the head of the house, I'm always continually praying, singing, or inviting Him into our home.
Being a leader, man, being a leader of your home, praying with your wife and your children before they go to bed, anointing them with oil—doing the things you can do as a leader.
They say 70 to 75% of all marriages with special needs children end in divorce, and 50% of all Body of Christ marriages end in divorce.
Here we are, working together. Back whenever I got laid off at the church, I worked there for so long.
When they came to me and said—because our pastor fell morally and they couldn't afford to keep a lot of the staff on—they eliminated a lot of things.
So, we stepped out by faith and started doing our business selling online just seeking Him.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm going to speak to you every single day and show you things at thrift stores; I'm going to show you where to find provision for that day.'She quit her job because, as I said, she had a master's degree, finished with a 4.0 in college, and graduated top of the class summa cum laude.
'Yeah, I graduated from university while we had little kids.
It was really a lot to do, but it was a way we were trying to find the path that God had for us.
Then we started doing the thrift store thing, and that was the path that God blessed in our life.
It was just going to a thrift store and finding stuff, and that was our provision for the day. I remember when it first started, the Lord gave me the idea.
We didn't have enough money to last us through that month, and Brandon and I were talking about it.
You were like, "It's the month of May and we don't have enough money to pay all our bills."So I went to God in prayer about it and asked for a miracle or a creative idea.
He brought to my mind the idea of finding something at a thrift store that would hold a profit and selling it online.
The Lord really blessed that, and that's how we got through that month.
The Lord just breathed on little things like that, and that's how we've lived our life: staying in prayer, taking communion every day.
Whenever you stay rooted and grounded in God, He blesses you in the little areas.
He's always provided for us. If we have a problem or a need, we ask God what to do.
We tell Him we're at the end of our rope, and He's never early, He's never late—He always shows up right on time for us.
Even in everything.'Yeah, it was that way even like what she was talking about in May.
It was thousands of dollars we needed to pay our bills after I got laid off from the church. I thought, 'God, this isn't fair.
How are we going to get through this?'You can feel sorry for yourself and whine, but that isn't going to get you anywhere.
God is not moved by your need; He's moved by your faith and by a seed.
When you have seedtime and harvest, when you sow, you'll reap.
A lot of people think they're helpless and just sit back, but the Bible says whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
He gives you the power to get wealth; He never told you to sit back and just let God do things.
No, He gave you dominion and authority on this Earth. So, we don't have a mailbox mentality of looking for a handout.
We don't say, 'Lord, help us, we need a Holy Ghost handshake today at church; please somebody give us a hundred dollars.'I never one time sat there and whined about money because I realized what my Covenant says.
He said He's never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
I said, 'Lord, if you said whatever I put my hands to would prosper and you give me creative ideas to get wealth, you're going to give it to us.'I was the one praying and fasting, and guess who He spoke to?
My best friend. She came to me and said, 'Brandon, I have an idea,'and my response back was, 'That's crazy, that's not going to work.'But I felt like God told me this.
When the Holy Spirit speaks to you, it's that still, small voice.
'I haven't had visitations like you, but I've always been led by that still, small voice of the Holy Spirit leading and guiding me.
Even when my kids were born, we didn't have money to pay the hospital bills, and we would just believe God by faith that they would be paid. He always came through. He's never early, He's never late.
Even in finding provision, I've always tried to be a Proverbs 31 wife, taking the resources we have and making them stretch as far as possible.
I would go to garage sales for everything—baby blankets, baby bottles—just finding them used because God gives you resources.
You don't just go buy everything new; you make it stretch as far as you can.
If you're faithful with the little, He will make you ruler over much.
We've lived so frugally, buying everything used and going to garage sales. It's thinking, "How do I find the best deal?
Lord, lead me to find that deal."He's always helped me.'But it was even whenever you came to me and told me the idea for selling online.
I thought there was no way that was going to work, but I trusted the Holy Ghost inside of her just as much as she trusted the Holy Ghost inside of me.
It took me humbling myself and saying, 'Okay, I trust the voice of the Lord inside of you, babe.
Let's try it. What do we have to lose?'So we had a hundred dollars and went to the thrift store.
We bought the things the Lord put on our hearts to buy, and we were able to pay our electric bill.
I said, 'Wow, it worked!'So I took another fifty dollars and bought more stuff.
Every single time I pray, the Lord shows me a shirt or something in the thrift store.
He would lead me and say, 'It's over off this street; go to this one.'I'd tell Diana, 'Babe, I had a vision; if you go into this store, this shirt is in there.'I'd name the brand and what it looks like.
She'd go in looking for the item and find it. We'd list it and sell it within a week, and we were able to pay our bills again.
That's the way we've lived our life for seven years now—living by faith for every single thing and asking for favor.
'Lord, give us favor with the thrift store owners and favor at the garage sale today.'When we go through the garage sales, we go through the rich neighborhoods and ask the Lord where to go.
You become desperate for hearing Him, and He will start speaking to you on a daily basis.
Now we teach our kids how to live by faith and believe God. We believe with all our hearts that tithing and giving are for today.
My life is an example of being at the bottom of the barrel and coming out on top.
This year we didn't struggle like we did being janitors at the church, barely making it.
There's so much financial stress today, but when you make God a priority, He makes you a priority.
He is an ever-present help in a time of need. You've got to keep your marriage strong.
You've got to make peace a priority in your home and keep strife out, because strife is a cancer.
When you allow the enemy to come in through strife, it is a major blockage to financial overflow and the flow of the Holy Spirit.
Make peace and joy the umpire of your life. The Bible says where there is strife, there is every evil work.
We're not always perfect; I come across cranky some days. We're just human, but we have decided with all our hearts to make Jesus a priority and stand in the gap.
Abraham said, 'I'm not going to let any man say he made me rich; only God.'God is our source and our provider; He's our Jehovah Jireh.
We also started doing therapy dogs to help kids with special needs. It's a joy to see kids or elderly people get a dog.
It's been a blessing working for yourself instead of 'working for the man.'God gives creative ideas.
Being willing and obedient, you eat the good of the land. In both cases, the Lord spoke to her.
She said, 'Brandon, this is what I believe the Lord has shown me,'and it's been big-picture things that changed the course of our lives.
I'll get the small-picture things or visions of the future, but the Lord uses her in dreams to give her ideas.
That's what it should be in a marriage; it's not a one-man show. You guys have to be a team.
It's not, 'I'm the alpha male, hear me roar.'You are a covenant joint.
If it's a one-man show, you're not going to win any games. Don't put God in a box.
A lot of people feel like money can only come through a family member or a friend of the church.
When you close yourself off like that, you're not open to hearing Him.
He has no limits; He is infinite and mighty. He cares about the smallest needs.
I've always said, 'God, I'm open to any way you choose to help us.'Usually, it's something we can use our hands to do because the Bible says He blesses the work of our hands. I journal to God and tell Him my desires.
It's important to write down your prayer requests because if you only think about the big things, you won't notice that He's been there answering a hundred small prayers throughout the year—like a new pair of sneakers or losing ten pounds.
If you don't write it down, you'll miss it. Every year in January, we set out a list of what we're believing God for.
It could be a vacation or a house. We push as hard as we can to believe for that.
We put Megan on the list every year—for her to be completely whole and restored.
We even put down for her to be potty trained; she's getting there, though she still has accidents.
We look at where we came from. We're believing for a new house right now that's bigger and has a special room for Megan.
Write it down at the beginning of the year. For your marriage, thank Him that it will be stronger at the end of the year.
If you're single and believing for a godly spouse, write down the characteristics and qualities.
Brandon and I both did that before we ever met. I was thirteen when I wrote it down.
I would pray over him before I even knew who he was—praying that God would keep him pure and on fire for Him.
I strongly believe the protection I've had in my life was because he prayed over me before he ever met me.
After we got married, we showed each other our lists. I wrote down the personality type and everything. I said, 'Father, I'm not settling for an Ishmael.
I want my Isaac.'Interestingly, my parents felt called to move to Fort Worth, Texas, to go to Bible school, and that's where I met her.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. If it wasn't for keeping God a priority, we would have been divorced a long time ago.
It hasn't always been easy, but we are quick to repent. If I have a bad attitude, I say, 'I'm sorry.'I want to have a soft heart.
The Holy Spirit will rebuke me and say, 'You need to go back and make that right.'He's always got her back.
I'll go to her and say, 'Babe, the Holy Spirit just corrected me on how I talked to you, and I apologize.'She's glad He cares about her like that.
Let the Lord be the captain of your life. You drive the car, but let Him be the pilot.
I refuse to let my intellect lead me because the carnal man knows not the things of the Lord.
I want to be controlled by the Holy Spirit. He will make every path straight.
We don't have enough time on this Earth to keep making bad choices.
Every day counts. Intellect and thinking you know the way can get you in trouble.
Knowledge sometimes gets in the way because you feel like you don't need Him.
That's when things don't work. We just wanted to come on today and be real about marriage.
I hope this blessed you. Father, we thank you for every married couple watching this.
We pray a blessing over their marriage. No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Satan, we take authority over you in the name of Jesus and bind you off their homes and finances.
Get off their children! We are seated with Jesus Christ in heavenly places.
We command you to bow your knee and get out of our houses. We call for healing and wholeness.
If a marriage is in jeopardy, we pray peace and deliverance.
You are the restorer of all things. We call the children home in Jesus'name.
We take our covenant rights. We are so grateful for everything You did on that cross.
I speak to breast cancer right now and command it to leave in the name of Jesus.
I curse lumps and call for healing over that woman's body. I call ovaries healed in the name of Jesus.
If you're not able to have a baby, I speak to your womb right now and call it to be filled.
We know the Word says our vine will not cast fruit before the time. We lay hold to children right now.
If there is a man with a seed problem, we call him to be healed so his body produces what it needs to have a child.
I speak to that uterus and command it to be whole. We stand in agreement for a full-term healthy delivery.
We believe and receive that. We call for better jobs, raises, bonuses, and inheritances.
Great blessing is on their homes. Well, I feel good with that.
We did good, babe. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and we'll see you next time. Bye-bye!